I have one more thing
When I come back from Xuanyingzong
I want a I Ching pill
What Yijing Pills?
That is Tianjin Jiupin medicinal pill
The second elder has made great contributions to my Tianzong
Only one was rewarded
Why do you want
I promise you.
If you can pass through the power of Xuanyun Sect
I'll give you an opinion tattooed
It's a deal.
Master, why?
He can become the sect master of our Tianzong
Do you really think the Supreme Sect Master is so easy to be?
Disciple is not shallow
Please also explain your doubts
All the British soldiers are dead
You've got your eye on this bastard
There will be no return this time.
Ouch.
Really impressive.
I think back to when we were in heaven for a while
Same look
Tianzong left countless treasures
You can only blame yourself for mixing up like this
You are the person Tianzong came to marry
Hmph, Tianzong seems to be really in decline
You are an ant who practices qi
Also worthy of being a true disciple
Really overkill
Still want to marry our saint
What a toad wants to eat swan meat
Well, be sure to pay attention to etiquette when you see the saintess later
Don't worry.
Even if the gods descend from the earth
I won't read more
What's more, an ordinary woman
Are you crazy?
This is Xuanyin Sect
Do you want to die here?
Xuanyin Sect wants to test the deity
I want to see what background this Xuanyin Sect has
A mere ant can also speak out
Ah!